Since you dare to hit me
I'm going to the emperor to sue you
Okay, let's finish talking about the palace rules first
dill
How should the nobles in the palace salute when they meet the concubines?
Returning to the Empress should be a noble gift
Then if there is no noble gift
How should it be punished?
According to the regulations
You should kneel for two hours
Then we will punish An Guiren for kneeling here for two hours
You deserve me to kneel
An Guiren, I'm waiting to see the emperor
Does the emperor deserve it? Let us hum
The slave met his master
Does the master deserve to let go?
Minion go hey
The undivided meets the undivided
Is the high-level main match not worthy of letting go?
Hey, then I deserve to make you kneel
Whoever kneels is of course you who kneels to me
How dare you praise me, you little bitch
An Guiren, I am the Emperor Qingfeng's Yuan Pin
You call me a little bitch
Then isn't this emperor
An Guiren, so many people are watching
If you don't kneel today
Let's go to the emperor to judge
Kneel
Green dill, go get three sticks of incense
We're here to accompany Ange